What do you do?
My legs can stand up now.
I thought this art of killing people by fire
Only in legends
Oh, I actually saw the master with my own eyes today
This orchid dense top-level technique
It is the art of the hand
It's like robbing from the rich to give to the poor.
Guangji Renren
It is the doctor's benevolence and righteousness to pacify himself
Has broken through the orchid dense period
It is the realm of transcendence
Junior brother, you are amazing
I will call you senior brother from now on
The breakthrough in his cultivation base is his business
What are you so excited about?
Shameless
No matter how powerful you are, you can't fight
Not yet embroidered legs
Bailian, take off your veil
Don't be obedient
Why do you have to expose his shortcomings in front of everyone?
How ugly is he?
Everyone here will not know
Master, let him see
How is that possible?
i
My face is healed.
Obviously a beauty
Not necessarily inferior to Senior Sister Lu
So what if the birthmark is gone?
But it's just a loyal gesture
Not to mention a thief with dirty hands and feet
Just a steal my fairy grass
One stole my cultivation base
Sister, this is how you treat me
I won't let you go